README.md, before:

# LiteLoader
[简体中文](README_zh-cn.md) | English  
[Donate us(afdian)](https://afdian.net/@liteldev)  
<a href="https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/actions">![status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/Build%20LiteLoader?style=for-the-badge)</a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/27KTrxHc9t">![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/849252980430864384?style=for-the-badge)</a>
<a href="https://t.me/liteloader">![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/telegram-LiteLoader-%232CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=Telegram)</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/releases/latest">![Latest Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/LiteLDev/LiteLoader?label=LATEST%20TAG&style=for-the-badge)![GitHub Releases (by Asset)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/latest/total?style=for-the-badge)</a><br>
A lightweight Bedorck Dedicated Server Plugin Loader  
Based on [BedrockX](https://github.com/Sysca11/BedrockX)  
Thanks to [rhymc.com](https://www.rhymc.com/) for supporting this project

## Install
### Windows
1. Download `LiteLoader.zip` from [Releases](https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/releases) or [Actions](https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/actions), unzip it to BDS directory
2. Run `SymDB2.exe` to generate symbol files(`.symdb2`), before you run `SymDB2.exe` you need to check if the `bedrock_server.pdb` exists

### Docker(Linux)
```bash
docker pull hellobox/liteloaderbds:latest
docker create --name liteloader -p 19132:19132 -i -t hellobox/liteloaderbds:latest
```
Start server: `docker container start liteloader`  
Stop server(uncommended): `docker container stop liteloader`  
Show console: `docker attach liteloader`  
Exit console: press `Ctrl + P + Q`, if you press `Ctrl + C` server process will exit  
If you want to manage server file, use `docker volume --help` for more details

## Usage
Put .dll plugins into `plugins\` directory  

## More
See [Docs](https://docs.litetitle.com/)

## Discord
https://discord.gg/YbgEhCF22t

## LICENSE  
[LiteLoader](https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader) GPLv3 with extra restrictions&exceptions  
[BedrockX](https://github.com/Sysca11/BedrockX) GPLv3 with extra restrictions&exceptions  
[ElementZero](https://github.com/Element-0/ElementZero) GPL v3  
[ChakraCore](https://github.com/chakra-core/ChakraCore) MIT  
[OpenSSL](https://github.com/openssl/openssl) Apache-2.0 License

## Restrictions&Exceptions
- First of all, you must accept the Minecraft EULA.  
- It means **DO NOT MAKE COMMERICIAL USE OF ANYTHING which breaks the EULA.**  
- Accepting this LICENSE means you ACCEPTED [Minecraft EULA](https://account.mojang.com/terms) too.  
- If you violate the EULA,any legal liability is **IRRELEVANT** to the developers  
- **NO WARRANTY**

Second, If you provides a server hosting service, you can use this framework for free,but you **SHOULD NOT make PRIVATE** changes to this framework as a selling point. If you fixed or tweaked the code, please pull request, instead of making it private for commercial use.
Do not do evil.

Although we expected to build an open-source community, but forcing everything open-source will ruin this community.  
So you can write plugins based on LiteLoader with **ANY** open-source license or even dont publish your source code.  
but if you modified the framework, or write a new framework based on this framework, you HAVE TO open-source it.

Commit message:

New SymDB toolchain, support Export Edit
If you wants to use a custom config for ExportEditor, please create `RestoreExport.json`

README.md, after:

# LiteLoader
[简体中文](README_zh-cn.md) | English  
[Donate us(afdian)](https://afdian.net/@liteldev)  
<a href="https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/actions">![status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/Build%20LiteLoader?style=for-the-badge)</a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/27KTrxHc9t">![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/849252980430864384?style=for-the-badge)</a>
<a href="https://t.me/liteloader">![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/telegram-LiteLoader-%232CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=Telegram)</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/releases/latest">![Latest Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/LiteLDev/LiteLoader?label=LATEST%20TAG&style=for-the-badge)![GitHub Releases (by Asset)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/latest/total?style=for-the-badge)</a><br>
A lightweight Bedorck Dedicated Server Plugin Loader  
Based on [BedrockX](https://github.com/Sysca11/BedrockX)  
Thanks to [rhymc.com](https://www.rhymc.com/) for supporting this project

## Install
### Windows
1. Download `LiteLoader.zip` from [Releases](https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/releases) or [Actions](https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader/actions), unzip it to BDS directory
2. Run `SymDB2.exe` to generate symbol files(`bedrock_server.symdb2`) and BDS with export symbols `bedrock_server_mod.exe`(plugins in future may require this version of bds), before you run `SymDB2.exe` you need to check if the `bedrock_server.pdb` exists
3. For Developers: use vs studio command `lib /def:bedrock_server_mod.def /machine:x64` to generate a lib file to call BDS function directly

### Docker(Linux)
```bash
docker pull hellobox/liteloaderbds:latest
docker create --name liteloader -p 19132:19132 -i -t hellobox/liteloaderbds:latest
```
Start server: `docker container start liteloader`  
Stop server(uncommended): `docker container stop liteloader`  
Show console: `docker attach liteloader`  
Exit console: press `Ctrl + P + Q`, if you press `Ctrl + C` server process will exit  
If you want to manage server file, use `docker volume --help` for more details

## Usage
Put .dll plugins into `plugins\` directory  

## More
See [Docs](https://docs.litetitle.com/)

## Discord
https://discord.gg/YbgEhCF22t

## LICENSE  
[LiteLoader](https://github.com/LiteLDev/LiteLoader) GPLv3 with extra restrictions&exceptions  
[BedrockX](https://github.com/Sysca11/BedrockX) GPLv3 with extra restrictions&exceptions  
[ElementZero](https://github.com/Element-0/ElementZero) GPL v3  
[ChakraCore](https://github.com/chakra-core/ChakraCore) MIT  
[OpenSSL](https://github.com/openssl/openssl) Apache-2.0 License

## Restrictions&Exceptions
- First of all, you must accept the Minecraft EULA.  
- It means **DO NOT MAKE COMMERICIAL USE OF ANYTHING which breaks the EULA.**  
- Accepting this LICENSE means you ACCEPTED [Minecraft EULA](https://account.mojang.com/terms) too.  
- If you violate the EULA,any legal liability is **IRRELEVANT** to the developers  
- **NO WARRANTY**

Second, If you provides a server hosting service, you can use this framework for free,but you **SHOULD NOT make PRIVATE** changes to this framework as a selling point. If you fixed or tweaked the code, please pull request, instead of making it private for commercial use.
Do not do evil.

Although we expected to build an open-source community, but forcing everything open-source will ruin this community.  
So you can write plugins based on LiteLoader with **ANY** open-source license or even dont publish your source code.  
but if you modified the framework, or write a new framework based on this framework, you HAVE TO open-source it.
